•	Comments in Python:
 	#   : for one line 
	''' : for a multi-line comment

• if __name__ == "__main__" :
     main()

main() is executed only if the file, which contain "main()", is run directly, and not imported.

Note: __name__ is an attribute that is automatically set and has the value "__main__" only 
if the file is executed as a script (not if it is imported as a module).

•	Script vs module:
	Script: a directly executable piece of code (run by itself).
	Module: a library, imported by another piece of code.

•	cProfile: 
an optimization tool that is used to diagnose what makes a program slow.
The output of applying this tool to a Python script includes information such as total running time,
 time of each separate function, and how many times each function is executed.

•	-m flag
 allow us to run a module such as cProfile as a script.

•	range(): returns an object which produces elements on demand. 

•	Three ways to execute a Hello.py
	type in the shell: "python Hello.py"
	give executable permission to the file and type in the shell: "Hello.py"
	run the Python interpreter and type in: "import Hello"

•	#! /usr/bin/env python3
	It's a commented line for Python 
	Informs the OS that this file should be run by Python.

In a Unix-like operating system, the program loader takes the presence of these two characters 
as an indication that the file is a script, and tries to execute that script using the interpreter 
specified by the rest of the first line in the file.


- Collatz Conjecture

take a pos int
if even, divide by 2
if odd, multiply by 3 and add 1
repeat until 1

5, 16, 8, 4, 2, 1
cycle length of 5 is 6
cycle length of 10 is 7

- Assertions
assertions are good computational comments and they're invaluable to a future maintainer of the code

an assertion failure reports 
•	the filename, 
•	the function name, 
•	the line number, and 
•	the expression where the failure occurred

executing Python with -O turns off all assertions

assertions are not appropriate for testing code
unit test frameworks like Python's unittest are

assert is NOT good for testing
assert is NOT good for user error

they are appropriate for programmer errors
exceptions will be the correct tool for user errors

When an assertion fails, it stops the program. When I am testing a program. 
I do not want the program to stop. I need to complete all tests. 
That's why we use unit testing. 